Encrypt `DsiUser` PII fields (#71)
DFE-Digital/check-childrens-barred-list: docs/encryption.md

# Encryption

The application uses [ActiveRecord Encryption](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_encryption.html) to encrypt sensitive data.

Application-level encryption ensures that we reduce the risk of leaking PII information should
the database ever be compromised.

## Encryption keys

Rails encrypts data using a key that is stored outside of version control. In deployed environments
we use the RAILS_MASTER_KEY environment variable to pass the key to the application.

For local development, the key is stored in `config/master.key`. This file is not encrypted, so it
should be kept secret.

### Accessing the key

> To gain access to this key, you can call `make dev print-keyvault-secret | grep RAILS_MASTER_KEY` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To gain access to this key, you can call `make test print-app-secrets | grep RAILS_MASTER_KEY` and
```
